[ITEP-89472] Replace legacy metric tests with black-box evaluation suite (#1474)
open-edge-platform/scenescape: tests/requirements-no-deps.txt

# SPDX-FileCopyrightText: (C) 2026 Intel Corporation
# SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0
#
# Packages that must be installed with --no-deps to avoid false dependency
# conflicts with pinned packages in requirements.txt.
#
# trackeval>=1.0.1 declares numpy>=2.3.2 (Python>=3.11) in its metadata, but

> # the package itself works with the numpy==2.2.6 pinned above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# the package itself works with the numpy==2.2.6 pinned in requirements.txt
```
